Remove auto-downing, #27788 (#27855)
akka/akka: akka-docs/src/main/paradox/typed/cluster.md

that don't heal. I such cases the node(s) will be detected as unreachable by other nodes, but they must also
be marked as `Down` before they are removed.

When a member is considered by the failure detector to be `unreachable` the
leader is not allowed to perform its duties, such as changing status of
new joining members to 'Up'. The node must first become `reachable` again, or the
status of the unreachable member must be changed to `Down`. Changing status to `Down`
can be performed automatically or manually.

By default, downing must be performed manually using @ref:[HTTP](../additional/operations.md#http) or @ref:[JMX](../additional/operations.md#jmx).

Note that @ref:[Cluster Singleton](cluster-singleton.md) or @ref:[Cluster Sharding entities](cluster-sharding.md) that
are running on a crashed (unreachable) node will not be started on another node until the previous node has
been removed from the Cluster. Removal of crashed (unreachable) nodes is performed after a downing decision.

A production solution for downing is provided by
[Split Brain Resolver](https://doc.akka.io/docs/akka-enhancements/current/split-brain-resolver.html),

> which is part of the [Lightbend Reactive Platform](http://www.lightbend.com/platform).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which is part of the [Lightbend Platform](https://www.lightbend.com/lightbend-platform).
```

Author: also changed at one more place

> If you don’t use RP, you should anyway carefully read the [documentation](https://doc.akka.io/docs/akka-enhancements/current/split-brain-resolver.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don’t have a Lightbend Platform Subscription, you should still carefully read the [documentation](https://doc.akka.io/docs/akka-enhancements/current/split-brain-resolver.html)
```
